I can open.
I, I OK, have I think let me open that.
Just give me a minute to share.
Can you guys see my screen?
Yeah.
OK.
Let me open David.
I think what's happening in the event if
you go to the portal and the sign button
is already there, right.
I think it's happening because it's not
fully BTC is fully not configured,
but there's couple of settings that we
need to delete.
That's what I was trying to delete the
other day, right?
Yep.
Those two settings makes portal things.
It has BTC, but it doesn't have BTC.
So I think we need to 1st delete those
two settings and deactivate it.
Instead of deleting it,
shall we deactivate it?
Whatever.
Yeah, Yeah.
I don't know much about Portal.
So we need to yeah,
get portal to not to use those two
settings.
And just a quick thing Dinaga like, yeah,
we have Dev 02, right.
It's going forward if they are asking us
to share whatever we are doing for dev
end,
we have to do the similar thing for Dev
02 also.
Yes, OK.
Yes, we can use the Dev V to see.
And then so you need to work with Pradeep
and there's your team to get a Web API
deployed into the Dev resource group in
Azure.
OK.
And then, yeah,
So then so whatever you done for Dev end,
that needs to be done by Pradeep,
whatever the Azure side level and power
pages side, whatever we are doing now,
we have to replicate it for Dev 02.
Yes.
OK, So that's setting.
Yeah, yeah.
So copy that setting.
We need to add that back, but temporary,
we'll delete it.
So deactivate it,
you can activate it again.
K and values option.
OK, deactivate.
And there's another setting called
registration button type,
I think let's deactivate that as well.
Yeah, that one there.
This one.
Yeah, there are two.
The one is linked with our site,
so the other one, ignore it.
Yeah, I'll copy this as well.
I don't think the setting is needed.
Just maybe deactivate it.
OK, Deactivate it.
Yeah.
All right.
So if you sync it now and if you go to
the browse the power portal,
I expect that sign in to not work anymore
like OK, Yep, not not do anything.
Can we try browsing to it?
OK.
OK, this one right, Yeah,
it's still showing the button.
It's going to the local.
Yeah, yeah,
that because the sign in is enabled.
So it's Yep, now it's not going.
It was going to roam B to CURL before,
right?
Yep.
So now let's configure the B to C Can we
in another tab,
can we open the dev instance?
This one?
Yeah, dev instance.
So, so we can just start copying.
Stop.
OK.
This is not not the not the settings.
Yep.
What do you call that?
I don't know what that's called from make
power pages.
You mean the power pages Studio?
Yeah, that that's one this one.
Yeah.
Could you go to security?
Security.
OK, There.
So this is DEVINT, Right?
So this is Dev and this is DEVINT.
Yeah.
OK.
Keep them side by side.
Yep.
So dev int still shows that B to C
instance even though we deactivated it.
It is not yet configured right?
Yeah.
So I I was hoping it not to show here,
but anyway, let's try configuring it, OK,
because I think it's still finding that
deactivator setting this one,
that one setting.
Can you sync it Sindhu?
OK, probably that's the issue.
OK, it's still there, but it's showing.
Yep.
OK, I'll configure.
Yeah, well, yeah, yeah, that's all.
We can continue next and then you can get
the URL from there.
Yeah, Authority, there's a sorry,
could you go back Sindhu?
Yep, Yep.
So in the URL scroll to the right, please.
Yeah.
So there's dev, right?
So that dev need to be replaced with dev
int like this, right?
Yeah, like that.
OK, so you can copy the same URL.
It's the same URL for the last one valid
issue.
It's the last.
OK, yeah, Yep, client ID.
So this is the problem, right?
So so yeah,
so so the problem I think we need to get
instead of doing this.
So you can see redirect URL right in the
middle.
OK yeah.
So that has_2, Yeah.
So what that means is portal things you
are configuring the second B to C
provider, not the first B to C provider.
So it thinks there's already 1B to C
provider because of that inactive
settings, I think.
Oh, so we have to delete it then?
Yeah,
I think we need to get rid of it somehow
or just rename that URL while
deactivating it.
If you go to the deactivate site settings.
Indu.
OK,
so I'm just trying to understand like
where we are.
I think where it's picking up rather is
that, Yeah, the middle part, right,
the AADP to C1?
Yeah.
So I think that whole setting need to be
if you're renaming it, yeah,
just rename to something random.
Yes_1 put_old or remove the one to old or
something or I'll just Remove this part
alone will that.
Work yeah I?
I,
THINK THAT'S the part it's picking up
yeah OK Because YEAH,
open ID connect NO this.
One,
is coming from the previous screen I
think DHANUKA if.
You,
go back the configuration screen what's
in,
this doing that power pages Studio sindhu
Can You, go back OK yeah?
YEAH and can.
You go to the back screen of this able to
go this one.
Yeah, If you go to the No, no, no,
this one configuration configure,
click it,
click the configure and here you can see
Azure ADB to C,
it's open ID connect and the provider
name.
We are putting it right.
Yeah, but it's taking two there.
Yes, OK.
It's taking two because it thinks there's
already one configure because of that
setting.
Got it.
So I think it's even inactive.
It sort of picks it up as, yeah,
still picks it up.
OK, we'll remove that one.
And yeah, probably.
What if you delete it?
Just delete it.
Yeah, OK.
I don't want to tell it inside.
I think delete it.
Don't delete it from here.
Just go into it, into the setting,
delete the value,
clear the value properly.
No value won't help.
Rather this one setting name is the issue.
Just take it, take the name,
put something else on random or hold it
and then do it.
Yeah, it's read only now.
Yeah.
So I'll just put it like that.
And Sindhuja, hold B to C Yeah,
all the VTC config.
OK, that's it.
Now I'll sync and see the other one.
Also the login button one.
Do we need to?
No, no, that's fine.
Yeah.
OK.
So could you do, do you need to sync?
I'll sync it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's gone.
Nice.
OK.
Yeah, yeah.
OK.
Yeah.
Configure, configure need to see.
So now you can see it's back to one.
Yeah, yeah, OK, they went OK, still there.
And client ID, Yeah,
client ID is get the same dev client ID,
dev client ID OK, yeah.
That remains the same, Yeah,
redirect your that's automatically
generated by portal.
So this one will be deviant.
That's deviant.
Yeah, that's it.
I think here contact mapping with email
need to be turned off.
This one.
Yeah, that one there.
OK, Yeah, other things fine, right.
Yeah, that we don't have any claims.
Yeah, OK, confirm.
That's it.
Close.
That's it.
You need another sync.
Yeah,
I'll sync it and and make it the default.
OK,
so that's how we have have it configured
set as default.
Yeah, set as default.
OK, sync.
Let's see.
Still hasn't got it.
So it yeah,
it's B to C as you B to C you can see,
but it should be defaulted, not default.
Didn't pick it up.
It's not defaulting.
OK, it's defaulted,
but I don't think the IT has synced,
hasn't been synced.
I don't know.
Let me give it again.
Or should we need to restart the portal?
I don't think so.
OK, let me again.
Let let's see B to C part.
Let's let's figure the default part out.
Yeah, Yeah.
All right.
It's going to Dev.
Yes.
Can you So.
So Dev, as I explained before,
they're two different policies.
The policies can be in different version.
Dev and Devin can have different versions
of policies,
but the user base is the same.
So if you have a Dev account,
you should be able to login in Dev.
The same account, same account.
OK, let me try that.
Yeah, it's going, Yeah.
Face version has been disabled.
There's some settings still in there.
Because it is.
It was having that redirect URL as sign
in.
It's coming back to here.
Is it?
No, I don't think so.
I think it was a setting in B to not in
portal.
So it seems like so could you sign in
again?
What happens if you sign in again B to C?
No,
it says registration has been disabled.
Registration has been disabled.
I'm I'm pretty sure Pradeep we had this
in dev.
Pradeep did something in the portal to so
could you go to settings?
Yep.
Advanced settings.
No, no, sorry.
Site settings.
OK, yeah, Yep.
And search for registration.
Any any settings with registration?
OK, registration enabled.
It's B to C.
Is there another one now?
This space station enabled folds down.
Down.
I'm sorry.
It's put up to maybe to there's two
registration enabled.
1 is the old one, the new one.
New one is disabled, right?
Yeah.
New one is disabled.
It's in the fourth from the bottom,
4th from bottom.
This one.
Yeah.
Can you enable this?
True.
Seven close.
That's the old one.
That is the old one.
Yeah,
sorry probably you philtre with our
website which is it will be only see our
one.
This one, Yeah, registration.
OK, enabled this one, right?
Yeah, that is enabled.
Yeah, OK.
We can sync it and check again.
Yeah.
And that is OK.
OK, Azure ready, login disabled.
I'm just quickly checking this one.
How about this one?
No, no, that is not we local,
OK Local authentication invitation
enabled.
OK, that's not required now.
Open registration enabled.
Yeah, I think we can sync and check again.
OK.
Oh, no, that's that's not,
that's not the one.
So it has now the.
So it's the tab.
I think that's not the one we are after.
We can disable that again.
Yeah, but this one is false, right?
Yep.
Is there any need to see?
Yeah.
Could you go back to actually could you
go back to the Dev B to C configuration
in in the studio?
Dev 1 is Dev one there.
Dev one.
Yeah, Dev.
OK, this is Dev Yeah.
So we have registration enabled here.
Yeah, we have registration enabled there,
local Azure AD disabled.
Where you're saying registration is
enabled?
No, in the in the configuration, OK,
it's already there.
So I think not this one if you go down OK,
OK.
Can you go to dev int again and same B to
C default one this one yeah, yeah.
Additional settings.
It's like when it comes to be,
I can I know, I know now, OK,
now the problem here is actually there's
a problem so to to login, right?
So could you go to your contact in dev?
OK,
could you open up the your your contact
in dev end, Right.
Or in dev in dev?
OK, let's let's have a look in dev first.
Yep.
Yeah, I think I know what the issue is.
It is going to be interesting how you for
the contacts that we so can you there you
can switch into portal contact mode,
right, OK, Yep, Yep.
Portal contact form.
Yeah, yeah,
I know some CRM now there is there should
be a web authentication I think.
Yeah,
that's a portal contact this one port
contact.
Yeah, announced.
Yeah, yeah, web authentication.
So see here this in dev your account set
up, right.
So you have a link to B to C account in
here, right.
But I think in Devint you don't have that.
So that's why you can't log in.
You're logged in to B to C Yep.
But you don't have the link.
So it should be a new registration Yeah.
And to create account right.
You you can't the the problem is you
can't reregister because the your B to C
use exist.
Mm hmm.
But it is again,
it is using dev account only right.
So you're just partitioning right.
Let's go to your contact in Devin, right.
I don't have a contact.
I think in Devin.
Let me check.
Are you OK?
Devint,
I haven't created any account but I'll
check it which one is that this is the
thing right So then you need to register
Yeah.
Oh, OK,
contact you got registration with DEVINT
is not there.
That's that's why.
But The thing is you can't use the same
email address there when you're
registering into DEVINT because your your
your account is already mapped to the dev
instance.
Contact OK.
Do you have a account?
I have one,
but I don't think it'll have any
registration.
I think yeah,
it won't have registration that that's
why it is keep so because Devin we never
logged in with B to Z.
So yeah,
Devin definitely would nobody has you
have something.
Yeah,
it is having probably it just created is
this DEV or Devint?
This is Devint.
How long have we have probably used any
local authentication Devint we we were
using in dev 02 right.
DEVINT I have never used Devint is a
backup of something else probably did
they sync up environment something like
that or because of then showing created
it created 14 to 10 create one level.
It's just now.
Yeah, it has created now actually.
So you shouldn't have created because
it's it you didn't register, right Yeah.
You just signed in.
Yeah,
during sign in it doesn't do any any it
doesn't even talk to database.
How come it is creating then those thing
it's interesting see just created just
now Who can you see who created it?
Who who modified this created by created
by this one owner is showing as per
portal event portal is created anyway,
so created by where is it back?
So is it the the contact was created by
right?
So yeah.
Can you see updated by like a modified by
or something like that?
Modified.
Yeah, that's the same account,
Portal account.
So from Portal it has created.
So portal created that.
So I thought that, that, that,
that in the B to C provider,
we've turned off the email mapping, right?
Yeah, we did, yeah.
So,
so I expected it to not to create contact,
contact mapping with email.
Yeah, it is.
We we've disabled it.
So I thought,
I thought that's the whole reason why it
was erroring, right.
So it won't find the contact and the link
between the contact and the BTC account.
So when I signed in right initially did
it create that time registration failed,
It was saying right, yes.
So that's that's because it can't find
the contact,
can't find the find your find you find
your contact.
So,
so it is saying registration is disabled,
therefore you can't log in.
OK.
In the code behind what we're seeing is
the contact has been created, right?
Yeah.
So you didn't,
you said you didn't even have have.
So when the contact was created today,
see.
No, no, that's the,
that's the external identity, right.
So when was the contact?
That is also today because I have never
used portal sign in here in the event.
That's interesting.
So you should be able to login now.
Now could could you try again?
Could you try login?
Yeah.
OK, wait to see No sign.
And Rick.
OK, it's going oh, it went in.
Probably it's taking some time.
Yeah.
I think that's weird.
That's something you guys probably need
to investigate it.
It should not it should not create it
should not create a contact.
It should how the because this So what
happened was so you, you,
your contact wasn't there,
but you signed in, right?
And BTC you your account was found in B
to C because it was registered in dev dev
environment, right?
Yep.
So it picked up.
So it was it redirected you to the portal
with your access token and when it's
stored access token,
it couldn't find the contact.
That's why it was throwing that error
initially.
Yeah,
that's why it was throwing the error.
Yeah.
I thought it should throw and stop right
there,
but it has to for some reason it yeah,
it didn't stop and it went and create the
contact with all everything but B to C
sent.
So when when you are registering a new
contact, right, B to C will not create it.
It just cheques for the contact.
If it is yeah, there, it'll allow it.
OK, Yeah, yeah, I, I don't know,
maybe this is a different,
maybe DEVINT has a different setting or
something.
We've definitely tested this scenario in
dev environment.
Dev environment wasn't wasn't creating
because we enabled it registration true.
Did that create that time?
Then maybe can we try to delete the
contact and then try again or or maybe
rather you don't have a do you have a
contact in in Devin or maybe think so.
I have you you you think so maybe I can
try.
Yeah, maybe.
Let me try.
Well,
first we'll check whether your contact is
there or not in Devin.
Yeah, just check with them here.
I I don't think I'm here.
Vinu, call it your ID.
No, not on my.
Yeah.
Asqua, right?
Yeah, it is not there.
So let me try as my Asqua.
Yeah.
OK.
All right, before we go there,
so I'll show you something.
Let's so I've created this for for Devin
testing.
I've created this Inuka test one contact.
Yeah, for sign up testing, right.
So, so I'll show you something.
So if you go to the ARN table,
so there should be ARN in there.
Let me go to the QA app qualification.
Yep, Yeah, I've created ARN as well,
so we can try signing up with this.
Yep, sign up will not work.
I'll show what what will happen, Right,
OK, to sign up because sign up.
So we still haven't completed the
connectivity network in part.
So B to C still can't connect to the API
for Devint you mean?
Yeah, Devint.
So if I'm logging in with that email,
if you sign up with that.
OK, let me you can copy that ARN sign out.
Yeah, ARN.
OK, OK, so if I click on sign in or yeah,
sign in, sign in.
OK, this one right A2 bit OK & up.
Oh no, that's with your that ID sign up.
Sorry, sign up.
Yeah.
Sign up link.
Yeah.
And then if you have a secondary email
address, whatever this one.
No, you No,
I can that's not a valid email address.
Yeah.
So you can use secondary email address if
you have a secondary email address like
my own ID.
Yeah, your own email address.
OK, OK, OK.
Here.
It won't check the email.
Is it it just sends the code.
That's the yes, OK.
Right.
OK and you can set the password and you
can put the air in.
OK OK Date of birth is the first of Jan
2000.
OK, 2000, sign up.
Failed to resolve.
That's the API error fail.
Yeah, so, so, so failed to resolve.
So it it can't you you see there's devint
dot API so that DNS is not set it up yet,
but the API is there.
It's all all functional.
But once hopefully we get the DNS
networking stuff configured tomorrow,
tomorrow is get the guys supposed to do
it, then the sign up will work.
You can come back and test the Devin sign
up here.
OK,
so I will let you guys know when it's
done.
So then Devin should be fully good.
OK, so let's test that.
I'll share my screen.
Yep.
So go to the event,
still it's not defaulting.
I don't know why should be defaulted.
Yeah, sign up.
It's my email address.
But this is sign up, right, Anuka,
we wanted to sign in and see here.
You want to see sign in?
Yeah, doing password somewhere.
It should stop you there itself, right?
Or no, it's after.
So we're still in B to C, right?
So the issue is in portal B to C is like,
yeah, I found, found you.
I'm going to log you in,
see what happens to me.
Yeah.
OK.
Let me check if it has created your
account.
No, it hasn't created with a log.
So that's what I was expecting.
So it shouldn't, it shouldn't create,
it shouldn't create me in there.
Maybe we enabled that site setting for
once and then tried it.
Probably that's why, yeah, so I think so.
So now I think this is important for for
you guys to know, right.
So if you log in into a account that
already been registered with dev,
then you need to sort of manually
configure it manually create the contact
you mean in Yes,
I mean or or link to a sorry,
link to contact already existing.
So I think the issue is now,
but it's interesting that how it in the
yeah, I'm still concerned.
Yours didn't come through.
I was just thinking that it might come
through after like couple of seconds.
But yeah, still no.
Can you check?
Can you check my account?
Sindhu?
My ASCO account?
Yeah.
In Devint only, right?
Yeah.
If it is ASCO account, I'm not sure.
I'll double check it.
There are lot of contacts with your ASCO
account in there.
Yeah,
or we can delete the contact and contacts.
OK,
maybe I can try to delete my contact
again.
Yeah, I went, yeah.
So I,
I think the important thing is now it's
not doing it right.
But yeah, I think for for one instance,
it did it and one instated,
but we have to do another one too.
Yeah, it's to to have more,
more instances in.
So I think what's important here is so
you guys probably need to do this
manually, right?
Login.
I hope we can do it Email confirmed.
So it doesn't allow you to I don't I'm
thinking of no, just save the username.
It'll create an external identity, right?
When you save this one, save this.
Let's let's create my one denote Yeah.
Let's save this right?
Yep, save and close just now to save OK,
so here,
so I need to enable email and so it need
to be like if I go to my dev 1I don't
know how you do it Is there so is it I
can see the username field is disabled
when you create the external identity in
the the grid below right?
When you yeah,
create it probably will it populate might
be when you do that No,
I think you need to have all those
settings populated for it to work.
So I had issues before.
No,
I don't want dev int want dev that's 01.
What's when Devin?
No, the site name is Devin, but it is.
That's how it is named.
Yeah, Yeah, right.
OK.
Your contact is in there.
So I think, for example,
can we edit this if you open?
Yes, I think so, yeah.
So if I go copy this to yeah.
I didn't provider same.
So what other settings should you pop?
Do you need to populate that username
there in the local identity?
How?
Yeah is the problem right?
So do you need special permissions?
Are you not able to edit that field?
Because I am able to UI but maybe you
have different permissions.
Can you can you set the username to be
for me?
Same as that one, same as this one.
OK, let me try that.
OK.
Can you refresh your record now?
Yeah.
So it doesn't have a security timestamp.
Yeah, I don't know.
There's a problem that I also don't have
the access to edit it.
Yeah.
So let's see whether I can log in now
maybe what does the security's timestamp
value has to be Dinuka,
Do you know like how it is in Dev 01 or
it is like something that B to C
generates unique for every?
Yeah,
it's just generate a unique wait and put
it.
It doesn't have any relation to it.
I can put that as well.
It's the same as in dev 01.
Is it or let's oh, oh, oh, what happened?
Yes, sign in again.
And maybe it isn't.
Can you put some GUID in into that
timestamp?
OK, timestamp.
Let me get yours from dev 0.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's done.
OK.
Yep, start again.
Yeah, that's it.
OK, it's logging in.
Yeah, it's logging in.
So I think that's what you guys need to
do, right.
So if you have dev registered account
already, Yep,
if you wanted to log in into the dev int,
you can't reregister because your email
it is only there.
So you need to manually link your account.
Yeah, OK.
To your contact,
create the contact how we did now and
then we can log in.
Yeah, yes.
All right.
Yeah, Yeah, that's it.
So Devin should be working now fully.
And the only thing that sign up is when
the DNS is ready,
sign up will start working.
OK.
And for,
I think the the setting that we renamed
need to be put back for this to work.
Which one, Danuka,
That setting that we renamed deactivated
it.
I think this yeah, from dev.
So let's, let's do it.
Let's do it now.
Which one was it?
Something starts with old.
Yeah, I'm renamed as old B2 CI think Yeah,
yeah.
What's the original one?
I'm trying to put the additional
authentication open ID connect.
Yeah, that's yeah, OK.
Yeah.
So we need to put it back.
So that one, if we put it back, what does?
No, we didn't put it back.
OK, let me rename it and put it back.
You have the you copied that value, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You said I did ID, let's put it back.
OK, they went still.
For some reason there's not show the
default is not working, right?
Yeah, I have renamed that,
so still it should work,
right after putting that one,
you need to sync after sync.
It should, Yeah, yeah, I have sync now.
Let me check.
Yep, maybe it's fresh.
Yeah, it's working.
Let's let me log out first.
Actually login is not a real test.
Yeah, it's going to sign up straight.
And one one thing also to remember is so
you can see when you log in,
it's going to profile page, right?
Yeah.
But in dev you don't get redirected to
profile page, you get.
You get to either the home page or the OR
the dashboard, whichever is.
Yeah, Yeah.
So that's because during the registration,
I've set a setting check.
Remember there's a setting that I said to
say tell the portal that profile is
already set it up.
So don't redirect it,
redirect me to profile page after signing
in.
So that setting is somewhere.
So because so now you,
you created a brand new contract contract,
but it's not wasn't created through
registration process, right?
It was manually created so that now that
setting is missing.
That's why it's keep going to profile.
So the setting is I think the sign in
configuration, right?
Tanuka, the top one,
I think it is taking me to profile.
But if you click on the sign in from
qualification integrity,
it goes straight to the sign in Page,
right?
I don't think it's a sign in Page.
It's I think it's done through a setting
your attribute in your contact.
OK, date contact, we won't enable that.
This one here.
Profile modified on.
So when you're doing the registration
through the B to C, Yep.
So I set the profile modified on to the
current data.
OK, right.
So if the profile modified on to profile
modified on has a value,
then portal won't direct you to the
profile.
So it thinks that you want the updated
profile.
Yeah, you don't need to show the profile.
So it'll get to wherever the user need to
go to.
But it's not happening because we created,
we didn't set it.
OK it right, It doesn't have to.
But next time you update like for example,
Yeah.
So now when I log in,
I think I'm still logged in to B201.
Hopefully it won't ask me to log in.
Yeah.
So if I login, it'll go,
it'll take me to profile.
But if I update the profile,
it won't take me to profile again.
It'll just populate that profile updated
on and then next time won't won't be
redirected.
OK.
Yeah.
So I think that's about it.
Regarding the event,
the event should be good.
I think that's all the B2C stuff I wanted
to show.
So I've got,
I've got RMA fully functional.
Maybe after stand up I'll show this to
the team everyone.
Yep.
So, so now you have the ARN.
So ARN can be either student ARN, Yep,
or a contact ARN.
So that's how I, we've done it.
Yep.
So depending on if they enter student ARN
or a contact ARN,
it will be shown the correct sign up form.
And after sign up, it's just normal,
right?
Just redirect to the homepage for now.
Yep.
OK, that'll redirect you to the home page.
If you want to change that page in future,
please let us know where to configure it
probably after our No,
that that's something for you guys to
show in the future, right?
Yeah.
Because so in the portal,
so when you enter the sign up,
when you get redirected to B to C,
you don't know where it need to go, right?
Yeah,
B to C So B to C need a redirect URL to
be provided to B to C to redirect user
after sign up or sign in, right?
Yeah.
But B to C does not have permissions to
modify the URL given to you, right?
B to CB to C will simply redirect the.
If you provide a default URL,
it'll redirect to default URL right?
Even though B to C will know what the
role is right during the sun yeah.
So when you land on the default page,
then you need to have logic in there to
redirect to redirect you need to pull the
contact and do what Jamie said right them
said you will have in the profile you
will have like preferences.
So depending on the preferences,
you'll get landed on to the preferred
landing page.
OK, got it.
Yeah, yeah.
So that that logic purely need to be in
portal or B to C only can redirect you to
a default landing page.
OK, OK,
So there's a new policy called as per
sign in sign up.
So that's so,
so you can see there's there's if you go
dev.
So there's,
this is the one that we're using, right?
This is the one we configured the other
day.
I, I sign in, sign up.
And now there's As for sign in, sign up,
dev As for sign in, sign up,
which is a unified, right?
OK, so unified version of it.
So both RMA and QY can sign up by
entering there.
Yeah.
So if we are going to deploy this policy
and test,
how do we do it in probably tomorrow
after you?
Oh, it's all there.
It's already deployed to B to C, Yes,
right.
The policy is there so you can run it.
So that's why how I showed you before,
right, So you can run the policy.
So what we need to do is go to dev
environment and reconfigure the B to C
settings, Yes,
to point the policy name to this policy.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And then the portal will redirect to this
new one.
OK, so I haven't done that.
I'll show it to the team tomorrow and
then tomorrow.
And if they're happy before I finish up,
we can configure the they have to use
this new policy instead of the impacted
impact individual one.
OK, sounds good.
That's it.
I don't think we need any.
I don't.
I don't think we need any B to C handover
sessions anymore tomorrow after the demo.
Just to give an idea like.